When run using DBI , the sim ipc increase by 9% as compared to using llc-pref. 
Variation in sim ipc between two runs of llc-pref is 0. There is no difference in either the sim ipc or the sim log.  

The counters for llc:dirty_evictions and mc:writes increase drastically (49 to 2292757 for both) when going from llc-pref to llc-dbi

With llc-pref, there are prefetch counters and a miss-0 counter (?)

Probably we are not resetting the dirty bit once we have cleaned it. 


When cleaning operation for the DBI is added to the CmpLLCDBI, 
then the sim ipc and simlog are same with and without dbi



We should compare against baseline LLC, that is, use a definition file which has component baseline-llc and not llc-pref
llc-pref is the same, just has prefetch mons



When using the latest DBI with handler for DBI eviction, following tests work fine:
1. The statistic 'writebacks due to dbi evictions' ... as the number of dbi entries increases. 
2. _dbiSize = 1m, writebacks due to dbi evictions =  0 ;
   _dbiSize = 128, writebacks due to dbi evictions = 12 ;  
   _dbiSize = 32, writebacks due to dbi evictions =  19 


When using LLC with latest DBI and AWB, foll results :
DBI size : 128   AWBs generated : 0
DBI size : 512   AWBs generated : 6
DBI size : 1024   AWBs generated : 6
DBI size : 1m   AWBs generated : 0

Above experiments need to be redone with corrections to LLCDBI and LLCwAWB(corrections done)



With corrections to DBI, and unlimited dbi size, the stats with and without dbi are same


By changing the insertion policy into dbi (write only when block insertion is dirty), 
we see that the writebacks due to dbi eviction vanish at 128, 512 and so on
When dbi size is 2, we would expect WBs due to dbi eviction because of the small number of dbi entries. 
With such a small DBI Size, significant DBI evictions do occur, but they become small in number further into the simulation. This 
suggests that the app behaves such that most of the mem accesses reside very close to each other in main memory. 









Write intensive benchmarks are :
lbm, hmmer, mcf (read intensive, dunno abt write)
However, these are all speccpu2000 & 2006 benchmarks, which should be fine for now. For studying parallel machines, parsec is 
needed. 
